feat: Maven plugin enhancements (#389)
victools/jsonschema-generator: slate-docs/source/includes/_maven-plugin.md

    @Override
    public void applyToConfigBuilder(SchemaGeneratorConfigBuilder builder) {
        // Maven plugin should produce YAML files instead of JSON
        ObjectMapper mapper = new ObjectMapper(new YAMLFactory());
        // set additional serialization options
        mapper.getSerializationConfig()
                .with(JsonWriteFeature.WRITE_NUMBERS_AS_STRINGS);
        mapper.setNodeFactory(JsonNodeFactory.withExactBigDecimals(true));
        builder.withObjectMapper(mapper);
    }
}
```

One possibility within such a custom Module (as mentioned above) is to configure the format of the generated schema files.
The file contents are being produced by the schema generator's associated `ObjectMapper`.
That default `ObjectMapper` can be replaced, e.g., to opt-out of the default pretty-printing or changing the file format to YAML.
The given example requires the inclusion of the extra `com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat:jackson-dataformat-yaml` dependency.

### Loading custom Module from test classes

```xml
<executions>
    <execution>
        <phase>test-compile</phase>
        <goals>
            <goal>generate</goal>
        </goals>
    </execution>
</executions>
```

> When using a custom Module (as mentioned above) for additional configuration options, but don't want to include it among your application code,

Author: ```suggestion
When you're using a custom Module (as mentioned above) for additional configuration options, but don't want to include it among your application code,
```

you can either package it as separate artifact and include that as dependency of the plugin (not going into further detail here)
or the custom Module class can be included in your test packages.  

> When you do the latter, the Maven plugin will by default not be able to load that class, since it won't be compiled yet in the Maven phase the schema generation is being executed at by default.  

Author: ```suggestion
When you do the latter, the Maven plugin will by default not be able to load that class, since it won't be compiled yet in the Maven phase during which the schema generation is being executed.  
```
